>> You said the header files they have function declarations.
They can have a lot more.
If you wanted to define a type that was the grid type,
instead of using this vector vector float.
Because you get kind of tired of saying that.
>> I was writing that a lot, yeah.
>> You can still do, type the death vector vector float grid.
Type T grid usually it's indicated as a type.
And then you don't have to type it you can just do T grid everywhere.
>> That would be nice.
>> It would have been nice. Much less typing.
>> It's good to know. Okay, thanks.
>> You know, any time you find yourself really.
>> Typing a lot.
>> Typing the same thing over and over again,
there's a good chance that somebody solved this problem for you.
>> Yeah.
>> Finding is not as easy,
but there's a good chance it exists.
>> Okay. Well, thank you.